# Terms and conditions of contract
## 1. PURPOSE - AGREEMENT

1.1 These Terms and Conditions of Contract establish the particular conditions of contract between the Parties.
1.2 Under Annex I – Commercial Proposal, the particularities of the WoowUp Platform license and the purpose of the Agreement are agreed upon.
1.3 The use of the WoowUp WoowUp Platform by each of the users (“Users”) shall also be governed by the terms of the Annex Terms and Conditions of Use of the WoowUp Platform and WoowUp Services.
1.4 The Parties understand that other annexes may be added that will govern other specific contracting conditions between the Parties.

## 2. LICENSE AND SERVICES
2.1 WoowUp grants the Client a license to use the WoowUp Platform under the terms of Annex I – Commercial Proposal, said license being non-transferable, non-sub-licensable; revocable, non-exclusive and subject to the terms and prices provided in this Agreement.
2.2 The license and the Services related to the WoowUp Platform, which are detailed below and in Annex I – Commercial Proposal, are provided only to the signing Client. In the event that the Client is interested in the WoowUp Platform and/or the Services being used by other persons and/or subsidiary, affiliated, associated, subcontracted or related companies, the Client must contract said additional uses and pay the corresponding fees to them, all of which will be duly specified in Annex I – Commercial Proposal.
2.3 Technical Integration and Platform Configurations (Initial Setup). This process will be in charge of WoowUp and consists of:
Creating an environment for each account.
The connection of the online stores of each environment.
The WoowUp Platform will carry out a synchronization process of customer history, catalog cancellation, prices, images and categories.
In the e-commerce integration work, a navigation tracking script is also incorporated. The navigation script configuration requires your support, which can be viewed here: https://docs.woowup.com/web-tracking/web-tracking
Configuration of the email sender.
Finally, with the final configuration, tests and validations are carried out to finish the technical part.
2.4 Scope of Services. The subscription includes the following services and functionalities of the WoowUp Platform:
Unlimited use of the platform, being able to have as many users as necessary.
Surveys, Facebook Leads.
Sending navigation and abandoned cart remarketing campaigns with personalization of dynamic content, extracted from the e-commerce platform that corresponds to the client.
Use of the email editor.
Use of the Retail Customer Analytics module.
Synchronization of lists to Facebook Ads Manager.
Possibility of connecting with SMS senders (no connectivity cost). In relation to this point, it is clarified that the Service includes the segmentation and programming of SMS, but not the cost of sending itself, which will be borne by the Client. The WoowUp Platform can be integrated with any SMS sender through an API.
The WoowUp Platform can connect with Outbound call platforms to generate lists of contacts to call by segmentation, sending the complete data of the client to the operator to have their profile.
2.5 Levels of services. The service level consists of the following points:
WoowUp will keep the data hosted on the WoowUp Platform and will carry out periodic Backups of the data, including at least one (1) daily Backup. In addition, WoowUp will allow the recovery of the Client's data at any time at the request of the Client and in the requested format, while the contractual relationship is in force.
Once the Initial Setup tasks have been completed and the WoowUp Platform has been duly installed and configured for the Client, WoowUp guarantees that the WoowUp Platform will be operational and available for the Client at least 99.5% of the useful time per month.
WoowUp may contract with certain affiliates or other third parties to provide technical or other services related to all or part of the Services, or perform certain functions related to the operation of the WoowUp Platform.

## 3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
3.1 The Client acknowledges and agrees that the WoowUp Platform and the Services (including any modification, improvement, customization, adaptation, derivative work or development of supplementary applications, even those developed to measure and including connectors of any kind with technology or platforms owned by the Customer) are the exclusive property of WoowUp. The Client may not sell, use, disclose, divulge or otherwise communicate, directly or indirectly, any part of the WoowUp Platform or the Services to any person, company or institution for any other purpose than those established in this Agreement. The Client must not adapt the Services and/or the WoowUp Platform in any way or use, nor analyze and/or modify any part of it to create analyses, reports, programs and/or any derivative work, being expressly prohibited from carrying out engineering activities inverse on the WoowUp Platform and/or the Services.

3.2 It is expressly understood that this Agreement does not grant the Client any title or ownership of the intellectual or industrial property rights related to the WoowUp Platform, or any part thereof, or any related aspect or trade secret of WoowUp.

## 4. CONFIDENTIALITY
4.1 Confidential Information. The Parties may transmit commercial information in written or digital form, which may include, among others: commercial, technical and financial information, licenses, legal documents, forms, production and service plans, price information, analysis and projections, specifications, designs, drawings, software, data, prototypes, trade secrets, know-how and other business information, terms, conditions, correspondence, facts or any other material delivered, derived or produced by any of the Parties or their representatives (in hereinafter “Confidential Information”). Any information disclosed by either Party (the "Disclosing Party") to the other Party (the "Receiving Party") prior to the execution of this Agreement shall be treated as if it were Information disclosed after the execution of this Agreement.

4.2 Obligation of Confidentiality. All the Confidential Information that the Parties reveal to each other by any means will be kept by the other Party in the utmost confidentiality, also committing itself to take the appropriate protection measures against its disclosure, copying or improper use. Likewise, they undertake not to disclose to persons who are not part of this Agreement the Confidential Information provided by either Party and, consequently, to keep it confidential and private and protect it to prevent unauthorized disclosure, exercising the same degree of care used by each of them to protect confidential information of their property, whether the latter is identified as confidential or not.

4.3 Confidential Information Exclusions. For the purposes of this Agreement, it will not be considered Confidential Information, and the Receiving Party will have no obligation with respect to information that: (a) was already known by either Party at the time such information was disclosed to it, or subsequently became public without being the result of any acts and omissions of the Receiving Party (b) before being disclosed by the Disclosing Party: (i) was known by the general public without this being due to the improper action of the Party Receiver or its representatives; (ii) was received by the Receiving Party from a third party without obligation of confidentiality; (iii) is the reason for a written authorization that allows its disclosure; or (c) is independently generated by the Receiving Party, even after the term of this agreement, without the direct use of the confidential information received from the Disclosing Party.

4.4 Use of Confidential Information. The Confidential Information provided by one of the Parties to the other may only be used for the development of the purposes set forth in this Agreement. Additionally, said Confidential Information may be reproduced if it is necessary to fulfill such purpose and may only be disclosed to those employees, workers, agents, providers, contractors, successors, or advisors or any other person and/or entity related to the party that receives it, who need to know the Confidential Information for the aforementioned purpose. In the event that Confidential Information is delivered to said persons or entities, the Party that receives it will warn of its confidential nature, binding them under the terms of this Commitment, which they must accept before receiving the Confidential Information. Any use of Confidential Information is conditional on each Party taking the safeguards and security measures necessary for its use. The Parties will be responsible for the use that their employees and/or contractors may make of said Confidential Information, including those employees of affiliated companies, who have access to the Confidential Information and to whom the obligations arising from this are extended.

4.5 No License. The delivery of information (confidential or not) does not grant any of the Parties, either expressly or implicitly, authorization, permission or license to use trademarks, patents, copyrights or any other industrial or intellectual property right of the other Party outside of what is expressly stipulated in this Agreement. All information (confidential or not) received by the Parties will remain the exclusive property of the Party providing it.

4.6 Return and Destruction of Confidential Information. All Confidential Information will be returned and/or destroyed, together with all the copies that may have been made of it, within sixty (60) business days following the request of each Party, and/or upon termination of the Agreement for any reason. . The Parties must reciprocally return the Confidential Information, and the Parties must immediately destroy all copies that may have remained in their possession, using the most appropriate means in order to avoid disclosure of the data contained therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, WoowUp may retain for internal use a copy of the information collected during the execution of the Agreement, including user information, for WoowUp Platform maintenance and backup purposes.

4.7 No Restriction. What is agreed herein does not imply any restriction for WoowUp, its partners, affiliates, successors and/or continuators in terms of conducting their business either in the present, or in the future, derived from research, development and/or industry developed by WoowUp and/or knowledge developed by WoowUp independently and/or with information and/or knowledge of third parties. Therefore, WoowUp has the full right to develop its technology, software, applications, algorithms, products, services, business and/or marketing models and/or plans, pricing model and/or all kinds of technological developments, commercial and/or marketing, as well as agreements with third parties, whether confidential or not, without the Client having the right to claim from WoowUp, its partners, affiliates, successors and/or continuators, that these developments and/or agreements have been made in violation of the Agreement.

4.8 Recognition. Without prejudice to what is established, WoowUp preserves the right to reproduce, publish and display the name of the Client, as well as the WoowUp Platform and the Services provided to the Client, in the WoowUp portfolios, its website and in other media and / or exhibitions. , for the purpose of promotion, marketing and recognition of their experience, services and professionalism.

## 5. PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION
5.1 Within the framework of the provision of the Services and the use of the WoowUp Platform by the Client, the Client may transfer and entrust the processing to WoowUp of personal data protected under the applicable regulations regarding the protection of personal data ( the data"). In this regard, the Client guarantees that he is solely responsible for the database that he submits to WoowUp's processing and for collecting consent in the terms required by law when applicable and detailed in the Data Processing Agreement Annex.

5.2 For its part, WoowUp guarantees that all the Data received within the framework of the Services and the services provided by the WoowUp Platform will be used solely and exclusively for the purpose of providing them in the terms set forth herein and in Annex B that governs the processing of the Data. Likewise, WoowUp is prohibited from using this Data for a different purpose, as well as its assignment or transfer to third parties other than those detailed in the Data Processing Agreement Annex.

5.3 The Parties undertake to comply with the regulatory framework regarding the protection of personal data that is applicable to the processing and treatment of personal data related to the WoowUp Services and Platform in accordance with the Data Processing Agreement Annex. In particular, the Parties are obliged to adopt all the technical and organizational security measures that are necessary to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the Data, in order to avoid its adulteration, loss, consultation or unauthorized treatment and that allow deviations of information to be detected.

5.4 The Client undertakes to keep WoowUp harmless from any fine, administrative sanction and/or any other direct or indirect damage arising from the Client's breach of the regulations mentioned in this clause, indemnity that will apply to both legal actions and administrative processes including the fees of the lawyers that WoowUp had to hire to defend itself against any claim.

5.5 In the event that any of the Parties receives a request for access, rectification, updating or deletion by any data owner in the terms required by law as detailed in the Data Processing Agreement Annex. , the Parties undertake to provide each other with all the assistance that may be necessary for the purposes of complying with such requirement in the legal terms.

5.6 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties agree that the processing of Data within the framework of the WoowUp Platform will be governed by the Data Processing Agreement that is incorporated under the Data Processing Agreement Annex.

## 6. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS, SECURITY ISSUES, SUPPORT AND USERS
6.1 The Client expressly declares to know and have sufficiently evaluated the scope of the agreed provision, and undertakes to use adequate equipment, sources of information, human and technical resources to ensure the correct use of the WoowUp Platform, as well as the correct execution of the Agreement. .

6.2 WoowUp will provide support directly to the Client in accordance with the terms that govern the support that WoowUp offers, according to Annex I – Commercial Proposal. Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve such support issues before escalating them to WoowUp.

6.3 WoowUp reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to implement new elements as part or supplement to the WoowUp Platform and/or the Services, including changes that may affect the previous mode of operation of the WoowUp Platform and/or the Service. The changes may imply a limitation to the nature or size of the processing available to you, and/or the number of processable records and/or other aspects of the functionalities and tools available on the WoowUp Platform and/or the Service in question. The Client may consent to extensions and modifications of the WoowUp Platform and the Services, including modifications and/or extensions of licenses, by email or other means, including digital means, without the need to enter into a new agreement. The Client who understands that a modification or interruption of the use of the WoowUp Platform and/or Service affects him negatively, can notify the WoowUp customer service team, explaining the adverse impact that the modification has generated. Upon receipt of such request, WoowUp will evaluate the request and take steps to promptly remedy the adverse impact caused by the modification. Without prejudice to what is indicated here, certain changes in the WoowUp Platform and/or the WoowUp Services must be accepted by the Client in order to continue using the WoowUp Platform and/or the WoowUp Services.

6.4 The Parties acknowledge and accept that the execution of the obligations arising from this contract depends in part on the technology and services of third parties (including, without limitation, software providers, web connectivity providers and other providers), whose relationships may be governed by additional terms and conditions and whose activity and connectivity are beyond the control of WoowUp.

6.5 The Parties acknowledge and agree that the use of the WoowUp Platform and of the by authorized third parties (including, without limitation, users, employees, agents, representatives, subcontractors and customers of the Client) will be governed by the Terms and Conditions of the Annex C, which must be accepted by them and/or be informed to them by the Client, prior to using the WoowUp Platform.
 

## 7. PAYMENT
7.1 Fee. WoowUp offers the WoowUp Platform license against the payment of a fee, in accordance with the Client's subscription plan and specified in Annex I – Commercial Proposal. The Client undertakes to comply with his obligation to pay the fee in a timely manner.


7.2 Customer Account Information. The Customer is responsible for ensuring that all of their account information is accurate and up-to-date at all times. The Client authorizes WoowUp to keep in its records the information that the Client, its bank or the corresponding payment network provides. In addition, the Client agrees that WoowUp may share with certain financial institutions and payment processing firms (including any institutions or firms that we contract in the future) the payment information that the Client provides to process their purchase.

7.3 Taxes. Customer is responsible for the payment of any taxes, including, without limitation, sales, use, consumption, value added, withholding and similar taxes, as well as all customs taxes and government duties or impositions, excluding only taxes on WoowUp's net income (collectively, “Taxes”), and Customer will pay WoowUp all fees without reduction of Taxes. If WoowUp is required to collect or pay Taxes, WoowUp will invoice Customer for Taxes unless Customer provides WoowUp with a Tax exemption certificate or VAT number issued by the competent tax authority and/or other documentation serving as proof that no tax should be charged. If the law requires the Client to withhold any Tax from its payments to WoowUp, the Client must provide WoowUp with the tax receipt or official or other corresponding documentation to support such withholdings.

7.4 Expenses generated due to the payment of WoowUp invoices. The Client will be solely responsible for all the expenses that may be generated in relation to the payment of the WoowUp invoice, such as, without limitation, costs of bank transfers, taxes by banks, credit cards or the operator of the selected payment method. . Customer acknowledges that WoowUp's fees do not include any third-party fees Customer incurs in connection with the use of the WoowUp Platform Services, including, without limitation, fees charged by its Internet service provider, providers integrated to the WoowUp Platform and other third-party applications or services with which the Client may use the WoowUp Platform or the Services.

7.5 Changes in Rates. WoowUp reserves the right to change the rate of any subscription plan, as well as add new charges and fees for certain features. In case of modifying the rate, WoowUp will send a prior notice informing about said changes by email to the address provided by the Client. Unless specifically stated otherwise, no rate increase will apply until the end of the then-current Subscription Term, and the increase would apply to the next Subscription Term. If you do not agree to pay the new rate, you may choose to cancel your subscription plan.

7.6 Billing
7.6.1 Billing Period. WoowUp will issue invoices for the collection of fees and any other corresponding costs using the information provided by the Client in accordance with the accepted payment method chosen.

7.6.2 Currency of payment. All payments of amounts included in an invoice must be made in the currency specified in the invoice. The Client assumes all risks related to any value that fluctuates in the currency, in comparison with other currencies.

7.6.3 Accepted Forms of Payment. WoowUp, at its discretion, may accept different forms of payment, such as check, bank transfer, certain debit and credit cards and/or other means of payment in cash (eg, Paypal) for the payment of the fee and other costs billed by WoowUp under Customer's service plan (each an “Accepted Form of Payment”), subject to the procedures and rules contained in the Agreement. Accepted Payment Methods may vary and WoowUp will inform the Client. The Customer may change the Accepted Payment Method at any time and billing will be issued according to the Customer's instructions from the next Subscription Period.

THE CUSTOMER AUTHORIZES WOOWUP TO DEBIT HIS CREDIT CARD, OR BANK ACCOUNT OR TO NOTIFY THE INVOICES TO THE PAYMENT CHANNEL OPERATOR ACCORDING TO THE METHOD OF PAYMENT ACCEPTED BY YOU, THE RATE FOR THE INITIAL PERIOD AND DURING THE ENTIRE SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD UNTIL THE TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT BETWEEN CUSTOMER AND WOOWUP.

7.6.4 Invoice cancellation period. Automatic blackberry. Failure to pay a WoowUp invoice on time will cause automatic default. Default occurs in any situation where WoowUp does not receive timely payment, including when any credit card issuer or bank responsible for payments refuses to transfer funds due. The unpaid amounts will generate the interest agreed in Annex I – Commercial Proposal, which will accrue until the date on which the amount owed is paid in full, plus a fine equivalent to one month of the monthly rate in force at the time. of the cash payment. Likewise, WoowUp has the right to claim, and the Client must pay, those expenses incurred by WoowUp to collect the amounts owed, including reasonable attorneys' fees and other associated costs.

7.6.5 Failure to Pay. If the Client fails to comply with its obligation to pay an invoice, WoowUp may choose, at its sole discretion, between: (i) granting a grace period for the Client to remedy the breach; (ii) suspend the rights to use the WoowUp Platform and/or Service; (iii) change the privileges and/or permissions of the WoowUp Platform corresponding to the subscription plan of said Client; (iv) terminate the Agreement.

WoowUp will cancel the use of the WoowUp Platform and/or the Services, disabling the users, passwords and access to the platform of the debtor Client, after the third month of non-payment by the Client, and without prior notice. WoowUp may exercise the legal actions it deems appropriate against the debtor.

## 8. AGREEMENT TERM. ANTICIPATED TERMINATION.
8.1 Term. The Agreement will have the duration indicated in Annex I – Commercial Proposal and will be automatically extended for periods of one (1) year, except (i) express communication from either Partys of their will not to renew the Agreement, communication that must be made in writing and at least thirty (30) calendar days before the expiration of the term.

8.2 Termination without Invocation of Cause. The Client may terminate the Agreement at any time after the minimum contract period, being able to maintain the use of the WoowUp Platform and/or Service contracted until the end of the respective Contracted Period in accordance with Annex I – Commercial Proposal, and without the right to reimbursement. proportional to the rate already paid for the remaining time to the end of said contract period.

WoowUp may terminate the Agreement without invocation of cause by giving the Customer at least 15 (fifteen) calendar days' written notice, and will refund the proportional part of the prepaid fees, applicable to the period after the effective date of termination.

8.3 Termination with Cause. Both the Client and WoowUp may terminate the Agreement in the event that the other Party fails to comply with any of the obligations assumed, notifying the offending Party informing them of the detected breach. At the option of the Non-Compliant Party, the Non-Compliant Party may be granted a period of time to remedy the non-compliance.
If the Client: (i) becomes insolvent; (ii) files or has voluntarily filed a petition under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws; (iii) proposes any dissolution, composition or financial restructuring with its creditors, or if a receiving agent, trustee, guardian or similar agent is appointed or takes possession with respect to all or substantially all of the Client's assets or business; or (iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, WoowUp may immediately terminate the Agreement by giving notice of termination.

8.4 Consequences of Termination of the Agreement. The termination of the Agreement, for any reason, from the effective date of said termination, will imply the expiration of the license(s) granted by WoowUp to the Client and its Users, and consequently, the termination of the access of said Users. to the WoowUp Platform and/or contracted Services, and all other rights granted to the Client and Users, without prejudice to the execution of any existing unrealized obligation at the time of termination.

8.5 The obligations established in Clauses 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 will remain in force after the termination, resolution or termination of the emerging relationships by virtue of the acceptance of this Agreement for any reason. Likewise, considering that the licenses are provided on an annual basis, the Client will pay in full the amounts corresponding to the contracted annual term, in case of termination for any reason, without prejudice to what is indicated in Clause 8.2. second paragraph regarding the right to proportional reimbursement applicable in favor of the Client, as may correspond.

## 9. DECLARATIONS. GUARANTEE. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY,
9.1 Intellectual Property and Other Rights. The Client guarantees that he will use the WoowUp Platform and Services in compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to the matter, and that the information and content uploaded to the WoowUp Platform will not affect intellectual property rights, personal rights and/or any type of any third party, keeping WoowUp harmless for any claim by third parties in this regard as indicated in Clause 9.4.

9.2 Indemnity. Responsibility. Each Party shall defend and hold harmless the other Party (the "Other Party"), and its directors, officers, agents or representatives and/or employees, with respect to any judicial or extrajudicial claim filed by any third party against said Other Party for all damages, losses, fines, costs and expenses suffered by said Other Party (including without limitation the reasonable fees of attorneys or other professionals whose intervention is necessary for the defense of any claim and to claim the compensation due under the terms hereof), originated/sen:
In the event of conflicts and/or claims of any kind by its staff, whether employees or former employees, and/or any subcontractor that provides its services or has done so in the past, by virtue of which it becomes involved or also affects to the Other Party;
 The violation of copyright, intellectual or industrial property rights, very personal or image rights, or any other similar right of third parties, without the fault or intervention of the affected party.
Each Party shall notify the Other Party in writing upon becoming aware of any judicial or extrajudicial claim. Both Parties shall have the right to become involved in said claims and take the pertinent actions for their respective defense in said claims.
WoowUp will not be responsible for the actions, omissions and/or operations of third parties, including web service providers and/or any other third party in accordance with the provisions of Clause 6; nor for the misuse of the WoowUp Platform, the Services by authorized third parties (including, without limitation, the users, employees, agents, representatives, subcontractors and clients of the Client).
The Client agrees to indemnify and hold harmless WoowUp, its controlled and/or controlling companies, and related and/or its successors, as well as its affiliates, officers, agents, employees, directors, dependents, advertisers, partners, distributors, contractors and/or subcontractors for and against any claim, liability, damages, loss of profits or any other consequential, direct or indirect damages, for losses and expenses (including legal and professional fees) arising out of or in any way are related to third party claims in connection with your use of the WoowUp Platform and/or WoowUp Services, any violation of the Terms and Conditions of Use or any other action in connection with the aforementioned use (including all actions taken by you ). In the event of a claim, WoowUp will inform the contact that the Client has provided in their account, whenever this is legally and factually possible. Notwithstanding the foregoing, WoowUp advises that failure to notify you of any claim will not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligation hereunder.
9.3 Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances shall either party be liable to the other or to any third party for any loss of profits or information, investments made or similar indirect or consequential losses, incidental or punitive damages arising out of or in connection with this agreement and/or the operation of the WoowUp Platform the Services. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Limitation of Liability Clauses provided in the Terms and Conditions of Use of the WoowUp Platform and WoowUp Services will be fully operational.

## 10. GENERAL
10.1 Independence of the Parties. Each Party acknowledges that the other Party acts as an independent company and on its own behalf and not as an employee, agent, representative or distributor of its Party, therefore this Agreement does not imply an employment relationship between the Parties, nor between the personnel of the Parties, not being the object of the commercial relationship emerging from the Regulation Agreement by labor legislation, nor does there exist between the Parties a relationship of dependency or technical, legal, economic or any kind of subordination.

10.2 Waivers. Independence of the clauses. The lack of exercise by any of the Parties of any right resulting from this Agreement, or its late exercise, may not be considered as a waiver of the exercise of such rights.

10.3 Entire Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is declared invalid, null or unenforceable, the rest of its terms and conditions will remain in force, and must be complied with as if the invalid provisions had never been part of the Agreement. In the event of other documents and/or agreements supplementing this document, this Agreement shall take precedence over them, unless the parties expressly establish otherwise in writing.

10.4 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire and definitive agreement with respect to the services described herein and supersedes any prior understanding, verbal or written, between the Parties regarding the subject matter of the Agreement.

10.5 Assignment. The Client may not assign the Agreement or the obligations or rights arising from the commercial relationship between the Parties, to any third party in whole or in part, except with the prior consent of WoowUp granted in writing. WoowUp may assign the Agreement and the obligations or rights arising from the commercial relationship, to its controlled and/or controlling companies, and related companies and/or to its successors and/or successors.

10.6 Applicable Law. Jurisdiction. The applicable law as well as the jurisdiction in case of controversy will be the one agreed in Annex I – Commercial Proposal.